Document device translations (#2096)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/internationalization/core.md

}
```

### Devices

#### Name of devices
Integrations can provide translations for names of its devices. To do this, provide a `device` object, that contains translations of the names and set the device's `translation_key` to a key under a domain in the `device` object.

> If the device's `translation_key` is not `None` and the `device` object provides a translated name, the `name` will be ignored.

Author: ```suggestion
If the device's `translation_key` is not `None`, the `name` will be ignored. If the `device` object does not provide a translated name for the specified `translation_key`, the `translation_key` will be used as device name.
```

> If the device's `translation_key` is not `None` and the `device` object provides a translated name, the `name` will be ignored.

Author: It refers to the `name` which is either set in an entity's `DeviceInfo` or passed to `DeviceRegistry.async_get_or_create`. I agree the writing is ambiguous, should we be verbose and change it to something like:

> If the device's `translation_key` is not `None` and the `device` object provides a translated name, the `name` which is either set in an entity's `device_info` property or passed to `DeviceRegistry.async_get_or_create`, will be ignored.

> If the device's `translation_key` is not `None` and the `device` object provides a translated name, the `name` will be ignored.

Reviewer: Good!

> If the device's `translation_key` is not `None`, the `name` will be ignored. If the `device` object does not provide a translated name for the specified `translation_key`, the `translation_key` will be used as device name.

Author: ```suggestion
If the device's `translation_key` is not `None`, the `name` which is either set in an entity's `device_info` property or passed to `DeviceRegistry.async_get_or_create`, will be ignored. If the `device` object does not provide a translated name for the specified `translation_key`, the `translation_key` will be used as device name.
```
